(DOCSP-14576): [iOS] Add UUID to Supported Property Types (#1007)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/ios/data-types/supported-property-types.txt

      ``CGFloat`` properties are discouraged, as the type is not
      platform independent.

Unique Identifiers
------------------

> ObjectId is a MongoDB-specific 12-bit unique value. UUID is a 16-bit 

Reviewer: I double-checked when I wrote the Android side of this, and it looks like they're actually 12-bytes and 16-bytes, not bits. Big difference!

Author: Good note, thank you! Updated.

> ObjectId is a MongoDB-specific 12-bit unique value. UUID is a 16-bit 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ObjectId is a MongoDB-specific 12-byte unique value. UUID is a 16-byte 
```

globally-unique value. Both types are :ref:`indexable <ios-index-a-property>` 

> and can be used as :ref:`primary keys <ios-specify-a-primary-key>`.

Reviewer 2: I think "can be used" is passive voice. You can make it active voice by specifying who is taking the action, e.g.:

```suggestion
which you can use as :ref:`primary keys <ios-specify-a-primary-key>`.
```

Author: Good point, Chris - reworked this to remove the passive voice. Thanks for spotting that!
